React State: Counter (#148)
neuefische/web-exercises: sessions/react-state/counter/README.md

# React State: Counter

In the [`src/App.js`](./src/App.js) you'll find the basic building blocks of a counter.

The general idea here is that the counter should count up when the plus button is clicked, and count down when the minus button is clicked.

Currently, the value `0` is hardcoded and doesn't respond to the buttons being clicked.

## Task

Refactor the code so that it features React state and makes use of it. Declare a state variable and make sure to have the buttons update said state variable.

You can use the following hints as a guideline:

- `let` doesn't seem to be the appropriate way to declare a variable in this instance.

> - Is there a React Hook you can use instead?
>   - Make sure to import said hook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Is there a built-in React function you can use instead?
  - Make sure to import said function.
```
